
F100-L
======

This chip has some really awkward syntax according to the docs
used to create the assembler.

For example, the add instruction has these formats:

    ADD N
    ADD ,D
    ADD /P
    ADD /P+
    ADD /P-
    ADD .W

Where N, W, and P are addresses and D is an immediate value. So to
load data from address 0x7000, the code would be:

    add .0x7000

Or if address 100 has the value 0x1000, the instruction:

    add /100+

Would use the address that is stored at location 100, which in
this case is 0x1000. So it would load whatever is in address 0x1000
and add it to the accumulator. Then it would increment the value
in address 100 so it would now be 0x1001.

The problem with the "add /100+" syntax is the tokenizer would separate
this into "add", "/", "100", "+". To parse it, when the assembler see's
"/" it knows it's the /P format and then calls evaluate_expression() to
in case there is any math to do. Like if it was add /1000+10+ the assembler
should do 1000+10 first. The + at the end unfortunately confuses the
evaluate_expression() code. So I made it so the address there will be
parsed as a single token only. I added extra syntax to make it possible
to use this addressing mode though:
 
    ADD /P     can be done with ADD [P]
    ADD /P+    can be done with ADD [P]+
    ADD /P-    can be done with ADD [P]-

There's also this format to make the source code easier to read:

    ADD ,D      can be done with ADD #D

For full width addresses:

    ADD .W      can be done with ADD long W

It was tempting to make the ADD N and ADD .W work assemble with the
same code. The assembler can detect if the address can be done with 11
bit or 15 bit and pick the better instruction. What could be addeded
later is:

    ADD &address

Which would pick the better instruction length. If the address can be
determined (not a forward reference to a label) and it can be done in
11 bits, then it will pick the 16 bit opcode. If not it will pick 32 bit.

Also, the syntax in the docs don't have commas between operands which is
also confusing eval_expression(). For now commas need to be used to use
this assembler.

To make life easier, there are also some aliases in naken_asm:

    setm = set #5, cr   or   set m, cr
    setc = set #4, cr   or   set c, cr
    clrm = clr #5, cr   or   clr m, cr
    clrc = clr #4, cr   or   clr c, cr

